Docs - Added clarity to location of download folder for Home Assistan… (#34480)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/downloader.markdown

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> If the path is not absolute, it’s assumed to be relative to the Home Assistant configuration directory (for example, `/config/downloads`). When prompted to enter a folder name, only enter the folder name, not the path. So if you have a folder called `/config/my_download_folder`, when prompted to **Select a location to get to store downloads**, enter `my_download_folder`. Home Assistant checks if the directory exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the path is not absolute, it’s assumed to be relative to the Home Assistant configuration directory (for example, `/config/downloads`). So if you have a folder called `/config/my_download_folder`, when prompted to **Select a location to get to store downloads**, enter `my_download_folder`. Home Assistant checks if the directory exists.
```

> If the path is not absolute, it’s assumed to be relative to the Home Assistant configuration directory (for example, `.homeassistant/downloads`). When prompted to enter a folder name, only enter the folder name, not the path. So if you have a folder called `.homeassistant/my_download_folder`, when prompted to **Select a location to get to store downloads**, enter `my_download_folder`. Home Assistant checks if the directory exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the path is not absolute, it’s assumed to be relative to the Home Assistant configuration directory (for example, `/config/downloads`). When prompted to enter a folder name, only enter the folder name, not the path. So if you have a folder called `/config/my_download_folder`, when prompted to **Select a location to get to store downloads**, enter `my_download_folder`. Home Assistant checks if the directory exists.
```

> If the path is not absolute, it’s assumed to be relative to the Home Assistant configuration directory (for example, `.homeassistant/downloads`). For Home Assistant OS, the Downloader extension is based off the initial folder `/root/homeassistant/`. To that effect, if you have a folder called `/root/homeassistant/my_download_folder`, you would enter simply `my_download_folder` under the prompt for "Select a location to get to store downloads. The setup will check if the directory exists."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the path is not absolute, it’s assumed to be relative to the Home Assistant configuration directory (for example, `.homeassistant/downloads`). When prompted to enter a folder name, only enter the folder name, not the path. So if you have a folder called `.homeassistant/my_download_folder`, when prompted to **Select a location to get to store downloads**, enter `my_download_folder`. Home Assistant checks if the directory exists.
```

      message: "{{trigger.event.data.filename}} download failed"
      title: "Download Failed"
 ```

> 

Reviewer: @IronTooch, the file path is discussed in line 19. Please move your comment there.

Author: Moved as suggested.
